Use Sass functions to configure asset URLs (#6767)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### New features

#### Use Sass functions to configure asset URLs

You can now use Sass functions (from [`meta.get-function`](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/modules/meta/#get-function)) in addition to strings for configuring `$govuk-image-url-function` and `$govuk-font-url-function`.

> This allows the variables to be configuring when loading GOV.UK Frontend as a module with `@use` or `@forward`.

Author: Felt like we needed to explain a bit why you'd do that. Would it work if we talked about it in the future tense to give signals that it's what we're moving towards?

```suggestion
This will allow the variables to be configured when loading GOV.UK Frontend as a module once we support `@use` and `@forward`.
```

> We've made this change in [#6767: Use Sass functions to configure asset URLs](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/6767)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We made this change in [#6767: Use Sass functions to configure asset URLs](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/6767).
```
